# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting 3 - February 07, 2025

**Date:** February 07, 2025  
**Time:** 6:30 PM - 8:10 PM 
**Location:** Hall Building 817

## ğŸ‘¥ **Attendance:**  
- Hala  
- Mai  
- Steven  
- Haytham  
- Shayaan  
- Mohamed  

## ğŸ¯ **Agenda:**  
1. **Progress Update & TA Presentation**  
   - Presented our progress during the lab to the **TA**.  
   - Received feedback on improvements and next steps.  

2. **Scrum Meeting & Sprint Review**  
   - Conducted a **Scrum Master check-in**.  
   - Reviewed completed tasks from **Sprint 1**.  
   - Discussed challenges and blockers.  

3. **Sprint 2 Task Planning & Division**  
   - **Text Channels (Group Communication):**  
     - **Hala, Mai, and Steven** will implement group chat functionality.  
     - Messages should be **visible to all users in a channel**.  
     - Admins should be able to **moderate messages** (e.g., deleting inappropriate ones).  
   - **Direct Messaging (Private Conversations):**  
     - **Haitham, Shayaan, Stephenson, and Mohamed** will work on private messaging.  
     - Users should be able to **send and receive** direct messages that are **only visible to participants**.  

## âœ… **Key Decisions:**  
- Sprint 2 will focus on **group communication (text channels) and direct messaging**.  
- Responsibilities have been divided among two sub-teams.  

## ğŸ“Œ **Next Steps:**  
- Start development for **group chat and direct messaging features**.  
- Implement **basic message-sending functionality** for both channels.  
- Integrate **admin moderation features** for text channels.  

## ğŸ **End of Meeting**
